Add Raymond's about (#7)
bacpop/bacpop-website: content/group/index.md

**Raymond Cheng** is a visiting PhD student (based at the Wellcome Sanger Institute)

> I am a PhD student at Sanger Institute in Prof. Stephen Bentley’s group and also under the supervision of Dr. John Lee at the EBI. My current work is focusing on quantifying the invasiveness of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* with different genetic backgrounds by using the WGS data among populations. I am also interested in studying various modes of evolution in pathogenic bacteria and how they shape different population structures. 

Reviewer: I'd add a "the" before "Sanger Institute"; minor typo

> I am a PhD student at Sanger Institute in Prof. Stephen Bentley’s group and also under the supervision of Dr. John Lee at the EBI. My current work is focusing on quantifying the invasiveness of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* with different genetic backgrounds by using the WGS data among populations. I am also interested in studying various modes of evolution in pathogenic bacteria and how they shape different population structures. 

Reviewer 2: Spelling, and adding a link to Ste's group
```suggestion
I am a PhD student at Sanger Institute in [Prof. Stephen Bentley’s group](https://www.sanger.ac.uk/group/genomics-pneumonia-and-meningitis-and-neonatal-sepsis/) and also under the supervision of Dr. John Lees at the EBI. My current work is focusing on quantifying the invasiveness of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* with different genetic backgrounds by using the WGS data among populations. I am also interested in studying various modes of evolution in pathogenic bacteria and how they shape different population structures. 
```
